the court team members that I've relied on in my inner circle as a leader
has been everyone from the most junior guy up to, you know, the
most senior person at my command. Everybody has something to offer you
be surprised, even the most newest person that shows up, who might
be the most junior person within the team. A lot of times they have
very good ideas because they come from a different, diverse background
that you never even thought of. And so you have got to be able
to take that on and show that they have merit regardless of their rank.
Um, so I think everyone has something that they can provide is input.
And I lean on every single one of those people, whether it's my
O p o, whether it's the deck plates, semen up to, you know, my department
head and, um, you know, listening to what their perspective
is and using their mentor ship to help drive me